# Password Locker

This python shell application was created in order to allow a user to store/generate passwords for his/her various accounts.Developed during Moringa Core. This is Week 1 flask Independent Project.
Date: 12th February 2021
By: David Ngugi

## Description
This shell application allows a user to create an account whereby he can store his/her passwords just incase their ever forget about them.

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Git clone the project from github
* Launch it using your terminal with the following code $ python app.py


### Known Bugs
All credentials are shown instead of exclusive.

### Behaviour Driven Development
* The program should return a users credentials when "Display" is chose.<br> 
Given: LogIn is successful<br>
When: "create" is chosen<br>
Then: One is able to add an account to store their password<br>

* The program should create a new user when SignUp is chosen.<br>
Given:User doesn't have an account<br>
When: User chooses "SignUp" <br>
Then: The user should be able to create an account<br>


* The program should display all accounts when "ViewAccounts" is chosen.<br>
Given: User wants to check his accounts<br>	
When: User chooses "Display" from the options<br>
Then: A list of all his/her accounts are displayed.
 
* When the user chooses to generate a password an automatic password will be generated by the system.


### Technologies Used
* pycharm python code editor
* Git and Github were used as my local and online repositories respectively.
* Python Shell Terminal was used for launching the application.


### Support and contact details
* Contact me through my email: [Ngugidavid](Ngugidavid46q@gmail.com)
* The source code is also contained within the folder containing this ReadMe with comments on the code thus third-party support can be offered.

### License
Copyright (c)2021 **Password Locker
  
